README.md, before:

<p align="left">
  <img width="400" height="134" alt="Design ohne Titel" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a95810f9-3032-48c6-a90b-865b2f9b7b50" />
</p>

# About
This repository collects all the projects I completed during the Common Core of my studies at 42 Vienna.
For context, this refers to the “old” Common Core (applicable to cohorts up until September 2025), which focuses primarily on C/C++ programming.

Feel free to explore the projects, I hope you will enjoy!

# Projects
The Common Core is organized into milestones, seven in total, numbered from 0 (as 42 is a coding school). Some milestones include multiple projects grouped together, allowing to choose one to complete.

## Circle -1: The Picine
Although not technically part of the Common Core, every student must complete this intensive bootcamp. It introduces the very basics of programming, serving as the first coding experience for many students.

## Circle 0
### libft
A perfect follow-up to the Piscine. This project focuses on creating a custom C library, reimplementing many standard C functions along with some additional utility functions.

## Circle 1
### get_next_line
This project teaches how to handle file input in C. The task is to create a function that reads from one or more files line by line, based on a specified BUFFER_SIZE.

### Born2beroot
An introduction to virtual machines and system administration. In this project, a Linux server is set up and configured inside VirtualBox.

### ft_printf
Every programmer starts with a “Hello, World!” program, but this project goes further. A simplified version of the C printf function is recreated, demonstrating how variadic functions work in C.

## Circle 2
In this circle, push_swap is mandatory. In addition, you must complete either minitalk or pipex, along with one of the three graphical projects: FdF, fract-ol, or so_long.
### push_swap
### FdF
### Minitalk

Commit message:

Revise project details and statuses in README
Updated project statuses and descriptions in README.md.

README.md, after:

<p align="left">
  <img width="400" height="134" alt="Design ohne Titel" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a95810f9-3032-48c6-a90b-865b2f9b7b50" />
</p>

# About
This repository collects all the projects I completed during the Common Core of my studies at 42 Vienna.
For context, this refers to the “old” Common Core (applicable to cohorts up until September 2025), which focuses primarily on C/C++ programming.

Feel free to explore the projects, I hope you will enjoy!

# Projects
The Common Core is organized into milestones, seven in total, numbered from 0 (as 42 is a coding school). Some milestones include multiple projects grouped together, allowing to choose one to complete.

## Circle -1: The Picine
Although not technically part of the Common Core, every student must complete this intensive bootcamp. It introduces the very basics of programming, serving as the first coding experience for many students.

## Circle 0
**libft ✅ 125/100**   
A perfect follow-up to the Piscine. This project focuses on creating a custom C library, reimplementing many standard C functions along with some additional utility functions.

## Circle 1
**get_next_line ✅ 125/100**   
This project teaches how to handle file input in C. The task is to create a function that reads from one or more files line by line, based on a specified BUFFER_SIZE.

**Born2beroot ✅ 100/100**   
An introduction to virtual machines and system administration. In this project, a Linux server is set up and configured inside VirtualBox.

**ft_printf ✅ 100/100**   
Every programmer starts with a “Hello, World!” program, but this project goes further. A simplified version of the C printf function is recreated, demonstrating how variadic functions work in C.

## Circle 2
In this circle, push_swap is mandatory. In addition, you must complete either minitalk or pipex, along with one of the three graphical projects: FdF, fract-ol, or so_long.  

**FDF ⏳ Ongoing**   
(*Fil de Fer*, French for “wireframe”*)* is a 42 graphics project that introduces
basic computer graphics, 3D transformations, and event handling using the **MiniLibX**
library.   

**push_swap 💤** 

**Minitalk 💤**
